br: intruduction of prune field (#2885)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-restore-cr.md

* `.spec.local.volume`: the persistent volume configuration.
* `.spec.local.volumeMount`: the persistent volume mount configuration.

### Prune field

> * `.spec.prune`: supported in BR v9.0.0 and later versions. Currently, this field only supports the value `afterFailed`, which enables automatic cleanup of metadata tables when a restore task fails. Enabling the `prune` field changes the final status behavior of the restore task. If the restore task ends in the `Failed` status, a cleanup task is automatically triggered to remove metadata table information. Based on the cleanup task status, the restore task displays one of the following statuses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `.spec.prune`: supported in BR v9.0.0 and later versions. Currently, this field only supports the value `afterFailed`, which enables automatic cleanup of metadata tables when a restore task fails. Enabling the `prune` field affects the final status of the restore task. If the restore task ends in the `Failed` status, a cleanup task is automatically triggered to remove metadata table information. Based on the cleanup task status, the restore task displays one of the following statuses:
```
